this is my imagination
this is so peaceful you never think
we're in the middle of a city majestic
oaks wilting in call of a songbird
rusting rim of a tire better look frumpy
on lotor you're kidding
where is he in relation to the raccoon
prokey on lotor is the wreck oh what's
that noise Oh Beethoven's Pastoral
Symphony not that noise
okay I didn't see you are you okay a man
is a man a machine is not who are you
what are you doing here we could have
been bulldozer to death
we're worse you have no right to be here
hey I'm just following orders okay I'm
I'm being paid to put a road in here
for what so the squirrels can haul nuts
you hey it's not my problem
that's what everybody says
look if your mom really wants to impress
this guy well Sam you thanks for that
kind gesture but I've already met him
how long is your mom Benson what's his
name his name's Ted - seeing Ted a
couple months ah excuse me ah
could you say it with words it's just
that one second he's saying nice to meet
you no you look a lot like your mother
in the next second not a bad band for a
wedding they're just going out it's not
that serious
hmm that's what I thought and then BAM
my mom's gonna - in your name mom made
me vacuum the carpet four times one more
and I would have stuck the collar out of
it strangely okay
that's Ted everybody just relax be
yourselves
you brought you a gift yet no he hasn't
dead why Andrew something fast
sure guy so you gonna keep your main
name or what duh
thanks ed Aaron there's a little
something for you charm bracelet oh what
a beautiful turn bracelet Oh Ted God
this is my friend Kirk Stephens thank
her I gotta go eat so much junk food so
little time uh honey would you get me of
as for these so what do you think
okay okay okay he's perfect but I
wouldn't marry well I would like to
propose a toast to a delightful lady one
of my hardest workers Ms Erin Clements
Stephanie also one more toast to my new
head of commercial real estate
development and it's a frightening
salary increase in how much of a salary
increase are we talking Erin I think
that's for us
did thank you well
Benjamin hi come on in
Ted Mackin this is my neighbor dr.
Benjamin Jeffcoat Benjamin Teddy mom
just got a humongous promotion oh that's
a that's great Stephanie how about some
dessert
no I really should be going
mom made it well thinking does burn up a
lot of calories excuse me I'll get it
dr. Jay has his PhD in four different
fields dan has his own limo Erin
actually I I have my degree in six
different fields well actually I have
two limos dr. J almost got bulldoze to
death today yeah I did check into that
and no one seems to know about putting
in a road however I did learn that all
of that Valley land is privately owned
but they will have to deal with me at a
council meeting tomorrow what what
Valley is this it should one at the top
of the Rouge River well that's terrible
people do anything for a buck huh I used
to move dr. Jays lawn for a buck pal and
really that was a long time ago
no wasn't
I recommend the planned rezoning of the
Riverlands to provide an increased tax
base more housing and more jobs thank
you my name is dr. Benjamin Jeffcoat and
I'm angry in South America thousands of
acres of irreplaceable forests are
destroyed daily
dr. Jeff goat that's a little outside
our jurisdiction no sir it isn't these
photographs were not taken in South
America they were taken right here in
our own Rouge Valley well I'm very sorry
that a few birds and insects will lose
their homes but what about homes for
people homes
you mean luxury condominiums mr. Drake
this is a photograph of a West Virginia
white caterpillar it's on the endangered
species list
if the Rouge Valley is destroyed this
insect will also be destroyed or where
when was that picture taken a year ago
in another year there will be no West
Virginia whites left poof they're almost
all wiped out what's the big deal
mr. Drake we're not talking about one
little insect we live in a very fragile
ecosystem a living community in balance
with the environment how long do you
think it will be before we become the
next endangered species look we can't
stop rezoning because of an ugly bug
Andrew
mr. Drake give you the current residence
of the Rudy Vallee
well why don't you just save yourself
some time and shoot them right here
notice thank you for saving this place
dr. Jeff coat wow thank you for saying
so the wild here hey what are they doing
the Planning Board voted against the
rezoning mister I don't want to hear it
you got a beat you talked to him about
it it's Macklin I don't believe it
wow what a surprise we should call mom
what I think she already knows
here were you all the workers you hold
all the work
das stop the work look Andrew you have
to understand I run a very big company
here and I can't possibly keep my eye on
everything I didn't know this was going
on until just this morning you can ask
your mother
it's probably just a surveying mistake
but your mother and I are gonna do
everything possible to save this place
I've connected to the city land records
I can download all the information about
the valley I still don't think my mother
had anything to do with this he's more
crooked than Dennis MacNab his teeth and
if he had it thank you I think we get
the picture okay okay here it is
all right this property was last sold
six weeks ago but not two Macklin just a
company name kingpin investments King
why does this sound so familiar over the
past two years kingpin investments has
purchased 17 Lots adjacent to the river
and not for a lot of money that's pretty
expensive land isn't it well it would be
if you could actually build on it but
it's still zoned agricultural so until
those bylaws change that property has
very little value well if they can't
build on it then we're okay not
necessarily some people can always
figure out a way to beat the system
it's too bad trees and animals can't
fight back maybe they can campaign he
was named on Macklin's license plate
what's wrong dr. Jain
Steph Cole
my mother and with his proximity to the
river this mix of the commercial and
residential space will be like no other
in the city so are there any other
questions yes I'm miss Dale when you
expect the project will be finished we
anticipate a completion date within 36
months thank you well thank you for
coming
yeah or didn't you help yourself to some
coffee thank you thank you your your
friend dr. Jeff coat he's causing quite
a fuss you suppose you could use your
influence to moderate his views I'll do
my desk
it's me let's get moving on this
Andrew you remember the West Virginia
white caterpillar you mean the one you
couldn't find yes well now we have to
find one many of you should try looking
in West Virginia Andrew is here trust me
with this device we can eliminate noise
so I can sneak up right when the West
Virginia white caterpillar moves it
makes a distinctive sound with this we
can eliminate all competing noises and
focus entirely on the sound made by the
caterpillar I'll demonstrate is Aaron
Horne should be good grab that so as
Macklin been around much lately yeah I
don't know what she sees in him
well Andrew sometimes it's hard to
figure out why two objects attract for
example who would ever take out a
duck-billed platypus another duckbill
platypus
yeah but put these on ninja
near bunch of noise uh-huh someone
must've left the dishwasher on I'll take
care of that hey Karen
yeah she be doing her homework all right
Andrew it's up to us we can find one
West Virginia white should be enough to
save the valley
okay a program the signature sound of
the West Virginia white in the memory if
it locates the insect it'll emit a
beeping sound what if it illuminates the
beeping sound good point I don't know
here use this we'll be able to keep in
touch
let's go find that great white
dr. J I'm not getting anything keep
looking Andrew
dr. Jana can hear it
outstanding can you give me directions
pickle left at the big tree
right
could you be a little more specific it's
about a quarter of a mile directly south
of the Jeep right I'll meet you there
dr. J there's a fire
there's fire moons Valley should help
I'll okay Aflac
you know when I was a kid I used to love
making the models now I'm building the
real thing
Brian Bernie Donald trees was a stroke
of genius come on Steph you know that
was my idea this is a great plan without
a forest the environmentalist had
nothing to protest yeah and now you can
go ahead with your rezoning kingpin does
it again Halen would you please send in
Miss Dale and mr. Simpson a couple of
our investors huh that's a good sign you
know I owe you one a great dinner what
do you say Dan I'd love to except I hear
really bad things about prison food mr.
Macklin mr. Drake you're under arrest
Oh what is this sometimes you can see
the forest for the trees
in my mother thank you mrs.
Clements we really appreciate your help
oh you're so welcome
your help
yeah the police were suspicious of
Macklin and asked me to find out what I
could about him why didn't you tell us
I wanted to but they asked me not to
divulge any information so we're not
gonna have a hyphen in our name what you
weren't going to marry him Marian what
makes you say that
oh I don't know you saw him all the time
you were nervous around him he tried to
buy off your kids with expensive
presents
so let's see this ugly bug you found dr.
J is going to release peanut butter into
the wild ladies and gentlemen I give you
the West Virginia white what's beautiful
whoa Oh Benjamin
hey appears Virginia ANSYS